Added Project StreamPi with proper details (#148)
thibmaek/awesome-raspberry-pi: README.md

- [Sonus](https://github.com/evancohen/sonus) - Node.js voice control for your Pi (and everything else) with customizable offline hotword detection.
- [speed-camera](https://github.com/pageauc/speed-camera) - Object Motion Tracking uses python, openCV, USB Cam or picamera module to record speed data.
- [Stratux](https://github.com/cyoung/stratux) - Open source ADS-B receiver which feeds weather, traffic, GPS, and AHRS data to electronic flight bag software via wifi.

> - [StreamPi](https://stream-pi.com/) - A Robust Alternative to the [Elgato Stream Deck](https://www.elgato.com/en/gaming/stream-deck). Can launch apps, scripts, websites and control applications like OBS, and can even send Tweets! It's free and opensource! 

Reviewer: Descriptions should be separated with a comma:

```suggestion
- [StreamPi](https://stream-pi.com/) - A robust alternative to the Elgato Stream Deck, that can launch apps, scripts, websites and control applications like OBS.
```
